(AB-145507) Update resources conceptual doc (#174)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs-DSC: dsc/docs-conceptual/dsc-3.0/concepts/resources.md

and manage an instance of the resource.

DSCv3 supports several kinds of resources:

- A resource defined with a resource manifest is a _command-based_ resource. DSC uses the manifest
  to determine how to invoke the resource and how to validate the resource instance properties.
- A _resource group_ is a command-based resource with a `resources` property that takes an array of
  resource instances and processes them. Resource groups may apply special handling to their nested
  resource instances, like changing the user the resources run as.
- A _resource provider_ is a resource group that enables the use of non-command-based resources
  with DSC v3. For example, the `DSC/PowerShellGroup` resource provider enables the use of DSC
  Resources implemented in PowerShell modules.

## Resource type names

DSC Resources are identified by their fully qualified type name. The type name is used to specify a
resource in configuration documents and as the value of the `--resource` flag when using the
`dsc resource *` commands.

The fully qualified type name of a resource uses the following syntax:

> ```text
> `<owner>[.<group>][.<area>]/<name>`
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```Syntax
<owner>[.<group>][.<area>]/<name>
```
````

Every resource must define an `owner` and a `name`. The `group` and `area` components enable
organizing resources into related namespaces, like `Microsoft.SqlServer/Database` and
`Microsoft.SqlServer.Database/Role`.

For more information about type names and how DSC validates them, see
[DSC Resource fully qualified type name schema reference][01].

## Resource properties

> A resource's properties are the settings and options a user can declare for managing an instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The properties of a resource are the settings and options a user can declare for managing an instance.
```
